Build with v4.3.0 instead of fork of older version of SQL Cipher [ci full] (#2822)
mozilla/application-services: CHANGES_UNRELEASED.md

# Unreleased Changes

[Full Changelog](https://github.com/mozilla/application-services/compare/v0.55.0...master)

## Libs

### What's changed

> - The project now builds with version 4.3.0 of SQL Cipher instead of a fork

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The project now builds with version 4.3.0 of SQLCipher instead of a fork
```
